gh-126156: Improve performance of creating `Morsel` objects (#126157)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-30-00-12-22.gh-issue-126156.BOSqv0.rst

> Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects.
```

> Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects by a factor of 4.5x.
```

> Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects by a factor of 4.5x.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects by a factor of 3.8x.
```

> Improved performance of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects by a factor of 3.8x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performances of creating :py:class:`~http.cookies.Morsel` objects by a factor of 3.8x.
```
